module 3
Table Name : Employee EMPLOYEE_ID FIRST_NAME LAST_NAME SALARY JOINING_DATE DEPARTMENT MANAGER_ID 1 John Abraham 1000000 01-JAN-13 12.00.00 AM Banking NULL 2 Michael Clarke 800000 01-JAN-13 12.00.00 AM Insurance 1 3 Roy Thomas 700000 01-FEB-13 12.00.00 AM Banking 1 4 Tom Jose 600000 01-FEB-13 12.00.00 AM Insurance 2 5 Jerry Pinto 650000 01-FEB-13 12.00.00 AM Insurance 3 6 Philip Mathew 750000 01-JAN-13 12.00.00 AM Services 3 7 TestName1 123 650000 01-JAN-13 12.00.00 AM Services 2 8 TestName2 Lname% 600000 01-FEB-13 12.00.00 AM Insurance 2 Table Name : Incentives EMPLOYEE_REF_ID INCENTIVE_DATE INCENTIVE_AMOUNT 1 01-FEB-13 5000 2 01-FEB-13 3000 3 01-FEB-13 4000 1 01-JAN-13 4500 2 01-JAN-13 3500 




1. Get difference between JOINING_DATE and INCENTIVE_DATE from employee and incentives table 2. Select first_name, incentive amount from employee and incentives table for those employees who have incentives and incentive amount greater than 3000 3. Select first_name, incentive amount from employee and incentives table for all employees even if they didn't get incentives. 4. Select EmployeeName, ManagerName from the employee table. 5. Select first_name, incentive amount from employee and incentives table for all employees even if they didn't get incentives and set incentive amount as 0 for those employees who didn't get incentives. 6. Get department,total salary with respect to a department from employee table. 7. Get department,total salary with respect to a department from employee table order by total salary descending 8. Get department wise maximum salary from employee table order by salary ascending 9. Get department wise minimum salary from employee table order by salary ascending 10. Select department,total salary with respect to a department from employee table where total salary greater than 800000 order by Total_Salary descending
module-4
EMPLOYEE_ID FIRST_NAME LAST_NAME SALARY JOINING_DATE DEPARTMENT MANAGER_ID 1 John Abraham 1000000 01-JAN-13 12.00.00 AM Banking NULL 2 Michael Clarke 800000 01-JAN-13 12.00.00 AM Insurance 1 3 Roy Thomas 700000 01-FEB-13 12.00.00 AM Banking 1 4 Tom Jose 600000 01-FEB-13 12.00.00 AM Insurance 2 5 Jerry Pinto 650000 01-FEB-13 12.00.00 AM Insurance 3 6 Philip Mathew 750000 01-JAN-13 12.00.00 AM Services 3 7 TestName1 123 650000 01-JAN-13 12.00.00 AM Services 2 8 TestName2 Lname% 600000 01-FEB-13 12.00.00 AM Insurance 2 1. Create a view Select Banking as 'Bank Dept', Insurance as 'Insurance Dept' and Services as 'Services Dept' from employee table 2. Select employee details from employee table if data exists in incentive table ? 3. Find Salary of the employee whose salary is more than Roy Salary 4. Create a view to select FirstName,LastName,Salary,JoiningDate,IncentiveDate and IncentiveAmount 5. Create a view to select Select first_name, incentive amount from employee and incentives table for those employees who have incentives and incentive amount greater than 3000 6. Create a View to Find the names (first_name, last_name), job, department number, and department name of the employees who work in LondonCreate a view to get the department name and number of employees in the department. 7. Create a View to get the department name and number of employees in the department. 8. Find the employee ID, job title, number of days between ending date and starting date for all jobs in department 90 from job history. 9. Write a query to display the department name, manager name, and city. 10. Create a View to display department name, name (first_name, last_name), hire date, salary of the manager for all managers whose experience is more than 15 years.
module-5
1. Create a Store Procedure Select Banking as 'Bank Dept', Insurance as 'Insurance Dept' and Services as 'Services Dept' from employee table 2. Select employee details from employee table if data exists in incentive table ? 3. Find Salary of the employee whose salary is more than Roy Salary 4. Create a view to select FirstName,LastName,Salary,JoiningDate,IncentiveDate and IncentiveAmount 5. Create a view to select Select first_name, incentive amount from employee and incentives table for those employees who have incentives and incentive amount greater than 3000

6. 5 Students Name, Address, City, DOB, Standard need to be inserted in the student table, need to fetch these result from json variable. and select output in the json format Note: use exception handling 7. 5 Students Name, Address, City, DOB, Standard need to be inserted in the student table, need to fetch these result from json variable using input parameter. and select output in the json format. Note: use exception handling 8 Create a procedure which will accept StudentId, StudentName, CourseID, CourseName as a input parameter in json format and insert record in 2 table student and course table

